1. Add "Running order" in KOT 
2. Add isSignificant flag to menu items (neglect those items when rating individual items by customers, from top selling list, suggestions extra.) Eg. Popular item mineral water doesnt make sense
3. Auto refresh menu
4. Popup Item Unavailability Warnings
5. Download Mapped Menu as Excel
6. Sync Menu Online (the MASTER COPY MENU from Internet - which has to be the standardised one)
7. Sort items in the KOT (eg. Starters first)
8. Summary - Delivery agent wise
9. Bill templates - download new template 
10. Fix the scroll and other UI bugs

11. [CRITICAL] 'null' refund issue
12. [CRITICAL] ‘ in comments issue (bill not opening)
12*. [EXTREMELY CRITICAL] Cart empty issue from Tab, causes infinte waiting

13. Customer profile page (with orders, loyalty etc.)
14. Duplicate KOT on same table when punched from Tab (sometimes only)
15. Increase Keyboard size in order taking Tab App
16. KOT Capitalisation option
17. Map table section against default Dine In modes (AC Hall --> AC DINE, Cafe --> ZCafe)
18. Remove restriction to print reports on other days

19. App expired - 7 days renewal extension period
20. Recover licnece (if lost from localStorage)

21. Ctrl + L to easily logout the Admin
22. Switch off printer (for swiggy)
23. Trim mobile number before saving to DB (Home Delivery orders)
24. Order Pending warning (reduce frequency after first ignore.)
25. Table-Order mapping missing for orders punched from Tabs - check before punching order if table is free or not

26. Change date format (in filters to YYYYMMDD) - for both bills and cancelled invoices
27. Sales Report - while changing fromDate, auto adjust toDate to same date if toDate is lower w.r.t new fromDate
28. Disable KOT printing option (for IIT coffee shop etc.)
29. Add dummy printer (say if KOT not needed)
30. Shift modes (from Dine punched order to Takeaway)
31. Ask if KOT needs to be sent, while item added to bill after bill is taken

32. On disabling online orders, auto disable SMS.
32A. Similarly for Food Ready time warning / with KOT printing option

33. Remove font from print duplicate bill
34. Item comments. Add multiple comments on button click

35. [CRITICAL] Remove Jafry bill viewing option from POS

36. Brand Onboarding - logos
37. License Management
38. Quick Fix 4 - remove last cart [] order from taps orders

39. [CRITICAL] What happens on already cut bills (refund/discount/unsettle)

40. Switch btw similar modes (Switch ZCafe to Dine In)
40A. Change delivery to takeaway (switch btw modes)
41. Dine In mode edit option (max discount etc.) without removing and adding again
42. Intuitive UX at discount applying part (cut off percentage, max. etc) - to display while applying the disc.

43. Quick view bill - from settle popup
44. KOT time in quick view. (On Tab)
45. Swiggy auto settle
46. Disable bills for billing modes (eg. swiggy)
47. convert delivery order guest to dine in.
48. Captain vice report / performance report
49. Add pax to quick summary 
50. Configureable option to take item wise summary with a longer timeout

51. On Tab table status : instead of "Running" -> "5 guests / 5 mins" | "Billed" -> "Rs. 3493"
52. License management dashboard (last usage device wise) - call api on starting device
53. Tab Punching, simultaneous KOT updates cause issue. Adding A to running KOT. and immediately B too. Only B gets into final KOT
54. Restrict admins only to block / unblock items (option in system settings)
55. For homedelivery SMS - if SMS is not enabled, don't show "SMS Not Enabled". Silent send SMS.

56. call sheet for home delivery calls (with template sms)
57. home delivery ( track order page with item list ) link to be sent as sms

58. search by order reference in bills (swiggy id search in bills)
59. Force captains to enter the guest count in the bill (option in system settings)

60. Pattern / BG pan software (brand_config.json)

61. Empty cart causing KOT jamming [] (for orders taken from tab)
62. Auto updates

63. System / Tab health checker dashboard (with license management)
64. Option to remove custom added charges (eg. remove Service Charge from bill even after printing)
65. Apply Bill Settings for all systems (pop up asking if all systems to be updated)
66. Server based closing system (date change issue - take server change only)
67. Option to see the list of connected devices on the server (PCs / Tabs etc.)

68. isFeatured flag item in cart - Feedback (Which item did you like the most?)
69. Provision to download PDF/Excel everywhere (itemwise sales etc.)
70. Item wise sales (monthly summary)
71. isMaster in the Menu (for the items synced from Online Menu)

72. Sales Reports - for all invocies range btw invoice numbers

73. Credit Invoices (Pay later option)

74. Send SMS - for bill/item/discounts cancellation (Configurable for Admin)
75. Dashboard to know the active status of licenses (ping/pong to server)
76. App order through internet / for approved devices (Preorder / or for admins to order from anywhere)
77. Introduce kitchen Sections (assign printrs accrdingly) - Printer Matrix

78. Remove System Name cache (new licence coming Nameless System)
79. Rename "Remove Mapping" to 'Free Table' (under tables)
80. Option to rename table sections
81. Connected registered devices, remove stubs
82. Device managemnt - block connected mobile devices..
83. Round off configuration (up or down) and currency configuration

84. Easy view blocked items. Frequent reminders display (option to on/off)
85. End to end encryption of sensitive data - invoice / customer data
86. Device licence (encrypt)

87. While taking home delivery order (or any order with mobile number) popup customer quick data... last order/feedback etc.
88. Remove default “Cash” tag from delivery bills
89. Complete user action logging
90. Order aggregator - full log (now its just last 3 orders)

91. Propose fixed UI for modals (pass data and render accordingly)
92. Mute (sound off)  notifications



Moved to Version 2:
*******************
1. Spotlight (Customers pending)
2. Multiple Menu (separate menu for Swiggy etc.)
3. Download Tools for Customer Data, Reviews and Menu
4. Payment modes visible even after mode gets deleted (read from bills)
5. Add Order Source to Bill (add to Filter Invoices and Cancelled Invoices also)
6. ASSEMBLY DESK: For Dine In, Parcel etc.
7. Admin Passcode (Recovery options)
8. In summary, read MODES, PAYMENT TYPEs etc from DB Entries only (when deleted, summary should not be affected)
9. WHILE AUTO SETTLE for prepaid orders, Different payment mode (PREPAID modes) for different order sources (Zaitoon --> Razorpay, Swiggy --> SWIGGY etc.) Set that in order source settings
10. Inventory management (howmany stocks of BBQ left) : Warning only 3 more BBQs pop for captains reference. Auto block after that.